First, let's start with selecting the
data you want to apply conditional
formatting to
Let's select column B for example
Click on Conditional Formatting on the
Home tab
Now let's define the criteria that will
trigger your formatting rules. You can
choose from rules like highlighting
values greater than a certain number or
containing specific text
Let's select 'text that contains'
In the dialog box section, define your
criteria. For instance, if you want to
highlight cells containing the word '
High', enter 'High' in the text box and
select 'with red fill with dark red text'
You can do the same process for the words'
;medium' and 'low' and choose the
colors you wish to format them in
You should see all the cells containing
the word 'High' are now highlighted the
way you chose and so on, enabling an
instant visual prioritization of
important data
This rule also will automatically adjust
the format of any new entries matching
the specified keywords